I still don't get it why would anyone
you to nuke there's just no use for it
Oh God Joanne you have so much to learn
look Joey you know how you're always
saying that you would love to be able to
access the internet from your television
you're always too lazy to drag your
desktop computer out there and hook it
up I never said that well with the nooks
small form factor in wireless
capabilities you can access the internet
from just about anywhere I mean just
imagine the possibilities
so basically what you're trying to say
is you would use the nook to feed your
ego oh god we could probably destroy
this thing before he starts marrying one
of the Kardashians you know I don't
think you would know what to do with the
nook if you had one sitting on the table
in front of you I wouldn't be watching
YouTube videos of myself with it look I
don't doubt that having a nuke in your
living room is a great idea personally I
just don't think you're trying hard
enough
whoa whoa hold on cap since when do you
jug never but who cares it's my dream
sequence but you didn't even have the
power cable plugged in well I wouldn't
get very far with that what I Joanne
okay clearly you guys have no idea on
how to handle a look so I'm gonna go
through with my original plan
well I am glad Joanne's dreamscene quits
ended before i had to gouge my eyes out
yeah you know you probably shouldn't be
allowed to have kids because just
jealous because you have no sense of
style yeah that's true yeah well hey you
know at least we all found something we
can finally agree on so those are our
ideas for what we would do with a nuk
but we're interested to find out your
ideas what would you do with this tiny
and versatile computer in fact we've set
up a bit of a contest to find that
information out from you so what we're
asking you to do is post a comment in
the comments section on this YouTube
video letting us know your most creative
ideas for what you would do with a look
please limit yourself to one comment per
person and we're going to be looking at
the most creative and well-received
comments to choose three people to win
three prize packages what you what will
you be winning well Anouk that that
should be pretty obvious I think so
three prize packages each person will
receive a nuke of course you'll also
receive from crucial a dual-channel ddr3
memory kits such as the one that cattle
is holding up right now also from
crucial a 256 gigabyte msata SSD to
round out your nooks capabilities that's
going to do it for now guys on behalf of
myself Paul and Joanne thank you all for
watching good luck to all of you and
we'll see you next time